DEV: add new vector set data type and command pages (#1334)
redis/docs: content/develop/data-types/vector-sets/filtered-search.md

This allows queries such as:

```bash
VSIM movies VALUES 3 0.5 0.8 0.2 FILTER '.year >= 1980 and .rating > 7'
```

## Assigning attributes

You can associate attributes when adding a new vector using the `SETATTR` argument:

```bash
VADD vset VALUES 3 1 1 1 a SETATTR '{"year": 1950}'
```

Or update them later with the [`VSETATTR`]({{< relref "/commands/vsetattr" >}}) command:

```bash
VSETATTR vset a '{"year": 1960}'
```

You can retrieve attributes with the [`VGETATTR`]({{< relref "/commands/vgetattr" >}}) command:

```bash
VGETATTR vset a
```

## Filtering during similarity search

To filter by attributes, pass the `FILTER` option to the [`VSIM`]({{< relref "/commands/vsim" >}}) command:

```bash
VSIM vset VALUES 3 0 0 0 FILTER '.year > 1950'
```

This returns only elements that match both the vector similarity and the filter expression.

## Expression syntax

Expressions support familiar JavaScript-like syntax:

- Arithmetic: `+`, `-`, `*`, `/`, `%`, `**`
- Comparison: `==`, `!=`, `>`, `<`, `>=`, `<=`
- Logical: `and`, `or`, `not` (or `&&`, `||`, `!`)
- Containment: `in`
- Grouping: Parentheses `()`

> Use dot notation to access attribute fields, e.g. `.year`, `.rating`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use dot notation to access attribute fields, for example, `.year`, `.rating`.
```

> > Only top-level fields are supported (e.g., `.genre`, but not `.movie.genre`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Only top-level fields are supported (for example, `.genre`, but not `.movie.genre`).
```
